they walked neither
acting in myanmar
place to change
in life
departure from Kiev
Hero of the day Vadim Nikolaychuk called
then why tasks
I will not go to the hospital is not enough
I don’t want to go anywhere in the hospital
you don't worry so much
if not comin
because the need for this
no there is no doctor and he just have to
do a routine inspection and leave
but if you don't
here you need it always please
after talking from the place I am very well behaved
feel below i have no doubt watching with
Togo
legitimate
eat even
and what was it recorded
talked
30 cm
no, of course not
by 80
with such pressure
can and go to space in the temple
5 May
I feel great
according to reports from Mogilev fans
ask permanent decided
play it safe and so areas
Valentin Nikolaevich
Well, probably to your personal peace of mind
Thank you very much, but as you can see, my husband
wonderful just know what i asked for and
always bring always near me
Well, these questions can only
envy yourself
Well, as it turned out housing issues
further licenses
in what sense
we have a big house
there is enough room for everyone 2
the three of us have the market of the country's tutelage
we try not to need
make comments
not going to commit
n
where are the girls' special machines
never found
percent
Khristenko
my baby is dead
you forgot
Well, we forgot we do not know
sorry that the transition
and just no just no
well if it is not
keep calm i calm
consequence
that something is not really like someone but
Kokoits around the world
Kokoits
boring
I think that goal
under investment ideas we will go
where there is no space in the plane are not afraid
lose the hospital i won't go
thank
it turned out that
I'm sad
in general, that is
they quickly think they are not sure of success
of time
as reported by 1news.az
only if there is no worse
No doubt
we need to take
every four hours
only 3 4
What to do
very big mistake